A while back, one user (I don't remember his name or email, unfortunately)
reported that Free42 did not work right on his Pocket PC 2002 machine: the menu
bar was present but empty. When he built Free42 from source (using eVC++ 3.0)
and installed it, the menu bar was OK.
It is strange that no one else reported this bug, but anyway, it might be
caused by the fact that I'm still building the CAB files using the Cabwiz.exe
from the PPC 2003 SDK; I never thought to switch to the one from the PPC 2002
SDK when I switched from eVC++ 4.0 to 3.0.
With the next release, start using the PPC 2002 version of Cabwiz; hopefully
that will fix the problem. It shouldn't cause any new ones, at least...

The Motif version, when built under Cygwin, crashes while exporting programs.
Getting the selection from the list box is not working; it looks like a bug in
the Cygwin Lesstif library.

SOLVE: detect more sign reversals (not just the ones where the sign reversal
brackets a domain error). This isn't strictly a bug, since it is mathematically
impossible to reliably tell poles from zeroes (the real HP-42S doesn't always
get it right either), but there is clearly some room for improvement.

Pressing any key during PSE should halt program execution and execute the
keystroke. This could be a bit tricky to implement because the current PSE
implementation simply freezes the UI for 1 second; proper keyboard handling
will require a whole new core state (similar to the GETKEY state).

GTK and Motif versions: /proc/acpi support for battery status checking.

PalmOS version: hardware keyboard mapping, using a keymap.txt file and skin-
specific mappings in the *.layout file, like the other Free42 versions.

Plain text program import/export; HP-41 ROM image import.

Import/export of variables.

Directories.

"Sticky" complex numbers, which remember the mode (polar or rectangular) they
were entered in, and are always displayed in that mode.

Algebraic equations, a la HP-27S.

Fractions.

Larger display; show more stack registers, program lines, etc., at once.

Allow more digits in the display (FIX >= 12, etc.; also, allow entry of more
than 12 digits when entering a number).
